""""""""""""""""""""
What is what
""""""""""""""""""""

``kmubiin/devices`` is a project to document things.

Key idea explained from start:

    Any device of interest that may be maintained
    for lifetime, deserves to have some documentation.

Key terms explained from idea:

"device of interest"  
  Some known or own things selected by the project owner.
  That must be functional, not broken for some time and yet
  usable, at least until some documentation was written.

"for lifetime"  
  As long as the thing works indefinitely, or works beyond
  its service life, provided some parts and maintenance.

"some documentation"  
  Notes that are written based on some experience of using
  the device, which may be limited as a result.

What are devices:

Devices are presumably things that were mass-produced by
machines or replicated by humans. Devices are either:

- purchased off-the-shelf, or
- made from source by users themselves.

The plural noun 'devices' may include any of these:

- everyday items: torch or flashlight, watch, stationery,
  calculator, scales, thermometer
- handy tools: pocket tool, soldering iron, multimeter
- modules: cable, connector, adapter, battery charger
- portable devices and electronic kits, which make use of
  widely compatible parts and make repairing easy
- battery or cell itself

What makes "one device":

Items with similar traits and subtle differences, may be
documented as "one device". Any items having a similar
product number or same base model, would most likely be
counted as "one device". Such items may be:

- a reusable writing pen that has refill ink catridge, with
  different colours and tip sizes;
- mobile phones of same base model, but different internals
  such as memory and storage size, and supported networks
- rechargeable battery of particular make with different
  size and capacity

Some items may have a common product name, or may be based
on certain base model, but the products are not identical.
Items made by different standards, could be documented as
"one device". Such items are not uncommon:

- mobile battery pack from original and third-party makers
  with a common product name, but different capacity
- semiconductor parts with a common product name, but given
  addtional prefix or suffix based on their manufacturer or
  product design;
- LM358 is an integrated circuit (IC), of dual operational
  amplifiers that has few variations by make: LM358P and
  LM358N for the package type PDIP-8; LM358A, LM358D, and
  LM358E for the package type SOIC-8
- LM358 with P, N, A, D, E suffixes are not exactly same,
  but given the common product name, these are "one device"
- LM158, LM258, and LM2904 are other variations of LM358;
  despite different product numbers and design, these are
  also "one device"
- both the suffix and other variations of LM358, included
  altogether, could be documented as "one device"

Some common product names may not refer to just one item,
and instead refer to multiple related items. Such items
would belong to the same product family, but each would be
documented collectively as "one device". Such items are:

- rechargeable battery and charger may share a common
  product name, but battery with compatible size/capacity
  are grouped as "one device", and charger of one type is
  another "one device"
- semiconductor parts of the same product family, whose
  variants of one type are grouped as "one device";
- the 7800 series are positive voltage regulators, in which
  +5V regulators of different make, such as μA7805, L78L05,
  L7805, LM78M05, LM78H05K, are all "one device"
- likewise +12V regulators from the same series, are all
  another "one device", which is separate from +5V ones
- other product family such as the 7900 series (negative
  voltage regulators), and the LE00 series (very low drop
  regulators), would be grouped each like the 7800 series

Else, any unique item with limited information may be
documented as "one device".

What becomes "unmaintainable device":

Devices may be very difficult to maintain from time to time.
Any device of interest becomes unmaintainable by having one
or more aging conditions.

Some aging conditions may include:

- the device is permanently broken
- the device is broken and not repairable for any reason
- the device has frequent breakdown history
- the device has less common replacement parts
- the device has limited use cases

When one or more aging conditions are met, efforts to
document such device may be discontinued promptly.
